Faction	Index	Name	Effect
Mechanicum	1	Master of Mechanisms	Select one MC unit or vehicle squadron with at least AV12 or more in the same detachment. This unit/squadron gets It Will Not Die.
Mechanicum	2	Perfected Targeting	"In the Shooting phase, select a Heavy weapon within 6"" of the Warlord. The weapon counts as Twin-linked for the turn."
Mechanicum	3	Predictive Augury	The Warlord and his unit's overwatch hits on a 5+
Mechanicum	4	The Death of Flesh	"All units in the detachment have Preferred Enemy (Infantry - All Types) while within 3"" of an objective."
Mechanicum	5	Dread Rites	The Warlord and his unit have seen and done some serious shit. They both cause Fear and are immune to it, and also gain Adamantium Will.
Mechanicum	6	Battlefield Analysis	After deployment but before the game begins, select a piece of terrain in the opponent's deployment zone and reduce its cover save by -1.
Command	1	Inspiring Presence	"Friendly units within 12"" of the Warlord can use his Leadership rather than their own."
Command	2	Intimidating Presence	"Enemy units within 12"" of the Warlord must use their lowest Leadership value, not the highest."
Command	3	The Dust of a Thousand Worlds	"Your Warlord, and all friendly units within 12"", have the Move Through Cover special rule."
Command	4	Master of the Vanguard	"Your Warlord, and all friendly units within 12"", add 1"" to the distance that they can move when they Run or Charge."
Command	5	Target Priority	"In the Shooting phase, your Warlord and all friendly units within 12"" of him re-roll To Hit rolls of 1."
Command	6	Coordinated Assault	"In the Assault phase, your Warlord and all friendly units within 12"" of him re-roll To Hit rolls of 1."
Personal	1	Master of Defence	Your Warlord has the Counter-attack special rule.
Personal	2	Master of Offence	Your Warlord has the Furious Charge special rule.
Personal	3	Master of Manoeuvre	Your Warlord has the Outflank special rule.
Personal	4	Legendary Fighter	Your army gains 1 Victory Point for each enemy character slain by your Warlord in a challenge.
Personal	5	Tenacity	Your Warlord has the Feel No Pain special rule.
Personal	6	Immovable Object	Your Warlord has the Fearless and It Will Not Die special rules.
Strategic	1	Conqueror of Cities	Your units have the Move Through Cover special rule if moving through Ruins, and the Stealth (Ruins) special rule.
Strategic	2	Night Attacker	If you choose to use the Night Fighting rules in your game, there is no need to roll – it is Night on the first turn, and all models in your army have the Night Vision special rule.
Strategic	3	Master of Ambush	Your Warlord and three non-vehicle units of your choice have the Infiltrate special rule.
Strategic	4	Strategic Genius	You add +1 to any Seize the Initiative roll. In addition, whilst your Warlord is alive, you can re-roll any Reserve Rolls (failed or successful).
Strategic	5	Divide to Conquer	Whilst your Warlord is alive, your opponent has a -1 modifier to their Reserve Rolls.
Strategic	6	Princeps of Deceit	At the start of your opponent’s first turn, pick 3 units in the enemy army. Each of these units must take a Pinning test.
Legions	1	Bloody Handed	The Warlord and any attached Legiones Astartes cause FEAR.
Legions	2	Master Tactician	After both have deployed, but before the 1st turn, you may redeploy, or even move one unit from/to reserve.
Legions	3	World Burner	Nominate D3 units from your Primary Detachment. Their Blast and Template weapons gain Shred.
Legions	4	Paladin of Glory	"Hello Astartes. Look at your Praetor, now back to me, now back at your Praetor, now back to me. Sadly, he isn't me, but if he became a Paladin of Glory, he could be Fearless like he's me. Look down, back up. Where are you? You're in close combat, adding +1 to the combat score of every unit 6"" around you. Anything is possible when your Praetor is a Paladin of Glory. I'm on a Spartan assault tank."
Legions	5	Void Walker	Your Praetor gains Adamantium Will and one unit can Deep strike.
Legions	6	Child of Terra	He and any attached unit rerolls failed To-Wounds of 1.
Solar Auxilia	1	Uncanny Survivor	Your squishy humie is now an Eternal Warrior.
Solar Auxilia	2	Shattering Bombardment	"Warlord grants Twin-Linked to a single Ordnance weapon within 6""."
Solar Auxilia	3	Bitter Blood	Gains Hatred, but only in challenges.
Solar Auxilia	4	Blind Barrage	At the start of the game you can give all friendly SA units the Shrouded USR.
Solar Auxilia	5	Void Master	Being a Rogue Trader makes him Stubborn and any unit they join gains Move Through Cover.
Solar Auxilia	6	Siege Master	After deployment, before Scout redeployments and Infiltrate moves, one piece of terrain in your opponent’s deployment zone has its cover save decreased by one.
Militia & Cults	1	Ruthless Tyrant	Gain +1 Leadership (to max 9) and the army may reroll Reserves
Militia & Cults	2	Merchant Princeling	One infantry unit get better ranged weapons, and count their AP as one value better.
Militia & Cults	3	Beloved of the People	If the warlord ever dies, then the rest of his army gets Hatred from the remainder of the game.
Militia & Cults	4	Marcher Lord	"The warlord gains Implacable Advance (becoming a scoring unit in AoD games) and Stubborn while within 3"" of an objective."
Militia & Cults	5	Connoisseur of Alien Curios	The Warlord gains the Fear and It Will Not Die special rules
Militia & Cults	6	Robber Baron	The warlord can voluntarily fail any morale check and may also re-roll Run or Fall Back distances.
Questoris Knight	1	Hell Rider	"Warlord & Knights within 12"" get +1 to Movement and to wound/armour penetration on turn 1 of a game."
Questoris Knight	2	Glorious Renown	"Friendly units within 12"" may re-roll failed morale checks and enemies suffer -2 to Ld"
Questoris Knight	3	Favoured of Mars	One Knight's weapon gains Master Crafted
Questoris Knight	4	Lord of the Abyss	Warlord gets Monster Hunter and Adamantium Will
Questoris Knight	5	Puissant Commander	+1 to Seize the Initiative and -1 to enemy reserve rolls
Questoris Knight	6	Indomitable	The Warlord gains the It Will Not Die special rule.